# TheStashLanguagePack
Official Language Pack for [US] The Stash

Want a quality, in-depth experience while playing on our server? Download and Install this langauge pack on your Steam client!
Includes custom text for quick laughs and keeps the game light-hearted.

# Table of Contents
- How to Install
- How to Update

# How to Install

There are two methods on how to install and run the pack. One creates a new entry into the language list, and the other replaces the default English pack with the custom language pack's contents.


[Method 1 (Preferred)]
This Method creates an entry in the Language Option, allowing you to switch in-between packs at will.

-

Open Steam -> Library

Right Click SCP: Secret Laboratory in the game list and open Properties...

Go to Local Files -> Browse

Open the Translations File.

-

Download the LATEST RELEASE (Dinkster fucking downloaded the ReadME.) of the Language Pack, it should be a compressed ZIP file. Don't download any of the source code files, those are automatically generated by GitHub.

Extract the ZIP file's contents into a known location.

Open the extracted file, The file _INSIDE_ the extracted file is the "language pack".
(**THIS STEP IS CRUCIAL, MOST OF YA'LL KEEP ASKING WHY YOU CAN'T SEE CHANGES AND THIS IS 99% THE CAUSE. YOU'LL KNOW IF YOU'VE GOTTEN THIS PROBLEM IF YOU GET AN INSTANCE WHERE THE LANGUAGE PACK NAME IS THE FILE NAME IN THE LANGUAGE OPTIONS.**)

Transfer the "language pack" file into the aformentioned Translations File.

Open SCP: Secret Laboratory.

-


Go into the Options Tab, you should see a Language Section.

Select: English (default) 1

(NOTE: It may be different for you. If you have other langauge packs installed, you may get a different number at the end.)

-

Play a couple of rounds and the pack will install itself over time.
Don't worry if changes aren't instantaneous.

-

[Method 2] This method replaces the default language pack to the custom one. There are less steps to the process, however If you don't save the default pack somewhere, it may be lost until you redownload SCP:SL.This method is not recommended for those who regularly hop in-between SL servers.

-

Open Steam -> Library

Right Click SCP: Secret Laboratory in the game list and open Properties...

Go to Local Files -> Browse

Open the Translations File.

Open English (Default)

-

Download the LATEST RELEASE (Dinkster fucking downloaded the ReadME.) of the Language Pack, it should be a compressed ZIP file. Don't download any of the source code files, those are automatically generated by GitHub.

Extract the ZIP file's contents into a known location.

Transfer ALL of the contents into the English (Default) File and Replace All items.

-

Play a couple of rounds and the pack will install itself over time.
Don't worry if changes aren't instantaneous.

# How to Update the Language Pack

If there's a new release for the pack and you are currently using a previous version:

-

Download and Extract the New Release in an easy to access place (Like Desktop).

Open the currently used release of the Language Pack.

Copy the New Release's contents and paste it into the currently used release of the Language Pack, REPLACE ALL files.

-


Changes should appear in-game.
